Fix Linux graphics cards all reporting the same VRAM (#3555)
oshi/oshi: CHANGELOG.md

* [#3536](https://github.com/oshi/oshi/pull/3536): Discover Apple Silicon GPU temperature SMC keys at runtime instead of reading a fixed list of four chip-specific keys, and report the hottest GPU cluster rather than the first one found. Adds `oshi.os.mac.sensors.gputemperature.keys` to override the discovered keys - [@dbwiddis](https://github.com/dbwiddis).
* [#3541](https://github.com/oshi/oshi/pull/3541): Identify Apple Silicon chips at runtime rather than from hardcoded tables that stopped at the M4. `PhysicalProcessor#getEfficiency` now classifies performance and efficiency cores from the IORegistry `cluster-type` property, fixing an all-zero classification (and the degraded per-core frequencies that followed from it) on newer chips, and `ProcessorIdentifier#getMicroarchitecture` falls back to a description derived from the core codenames instead of reporting `unknown`. An entry in `oshi.architecture.properties` still takes precedence where one exists - [@dbwiddis](https://github.com/dbwiddis).

> * [#3555](https://github.com/oshi/oshi/pull/3555): Fix Linux graphics cards all reporting the same VRAM, DRM device and GPU metrics: request the stable `lspci -mm` machine-readable format so the `Slot:` field exists, stop discarding the PCI slot when entering a card record, and identify display controllers by PCI class `0x03` rather than a `VGA` substring match - [@Krillsson](https://github.com/Krillsson).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#3555](https://github.com/oshi/oshi/pull/3555): Fix Linux graphics cards all reporting the same VRAM, DRM device and GPU metrics: request the stable `lspci -vnnmm` machine-readable format so the `Slot:` field exists, stop discarding the PCI slot when entering a card record, and identify display controllers by PCI class `0x03` rather than a `VGA` substring match (expands to include XGA and others) - [@Krillsson](https://github.com/Krillsson).
```
